feat: first skeleton + migration base (#1)
MapColonies/jobnik-manager: README.md

# Job Manager Server

This server provides a management interface for job trees and includes a RESTful API for interacting with a PostgreSQL database.

**Key Features:**

* Manages job trees.
* Provides a RESTful API for database management.

**Requirements:**

* **PostgreSQL:** Version 13 or higher is required.

------------------------

## Migration

> **Development Workflow:**

Reviewer: 1. title for this is "how to create a new migration".
2. its missing some starting sentence for context.
3. also missing how to just run the exiting migrations for starting development: https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/prisma-migrate/workflows/development-and-production#development-environments

Author: done

* **Schema Validation:** `npm run migration:validate` - Ensures the integrity and correctness of your Prisma schema.
* **Schema Formatting:** 
    * `npm run migration:format` - Formats the Prisma schema for consistency and readability.
    * `npm run migration:format-fix` - Automatically applies formatting changes to the schema.
* **Migration Creation:** `npm run migration:dev` - Creates and applies a new migration to your local development database.
* **Type Generation:** `npm run migration:generate` - Generates and updates TypeScript types for your database models.

**Production Deployment:**

> * **Migration Deployment:** `npm run migration:deploy` - Deploys the latest migrations to your production database.

Reviewer: change to numbered list as its step by step

Author: done

------------------------

## Migration
<u>**How to create a new migration**</u>

***Update and Edit schema***

> * New migration will be executed once you have made modification on 'schema.prisma' file [read more](https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/reference/prisma-schema-reference)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New migration will need to be generated once you have made modification on 'schema.prisma' file [read more](https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/reference/prisma-schema-reference)
```
